Fixes #30419 | cleanup Service Worker API summary (#30659)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/service_worker_api/index.md

- [Using Service Workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API/Using_Service_Workers)
- [Service workers basic code example](https://github.com/mdn/dom-examples/tree/main/service-worker/simple-service-worker)
- [Is ServiceWorker ready?](https://jakearchibald.github.io/isserviceworkerready/)

> - Web APIs that related with Service Worker API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Web APIs that are related to the Service Worker API:
```
